Feat: added target => namespace support + ECS compatibility (#7)
logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-csv: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.0

>   - Feat: added target => namespace support + ECS compatibility [#7](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-csv/pull/7)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added `target` configuration option to namespace the read CSV field and added ECS compatibility [#7](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-csv/pull/7)
```
